so when David was old and full of days
so when David was old and full of days he made his son Solomon king over Israel
he made his son Solomon king over Israel
he made his son Solomon king over Israel and he gathered together all the leaders
and he gathered together all the leaders
and he gathered together all the leaders of Israel with the priests and the
of Israel with the priests and the
of Israel with the priests and the Levites now the Levites were numbered
Levites now the Levites were numbered
Levites now the Levites were numbered from the age of thirty years and above
from the age of thirty years and above
from the age of thirty years and above and the number of individual males was
and the number of individual males was
and the number of individual males was thirty-eight thousand of these
thirty-eight thousand of these
thirty-eight thousand of these twenty-four thousand were to look after
twenty-four thousand were to look after
twenty-four thousand were to look after the work of the house of the Lord
the work of the house of the Lord
the work of the house of the Lord six thousand were officers and judges
six thousand were officers and judges
six thousand were officers and judges four thousand were gatekeepers and four
four thousand were gatekeepers and four
four thousand were gatekeepers and four thousand praised the Lord with musical
thousand praised the Lord with musical
thousand praised the Lord with musical instruments which I made said David for
instruments which I made said David for
instruments which I made said David for giving praise also David separated them
giving praise also David separated them
giving praise also David separated them into divisions among the sons of Levi
into divisions among the sons of Levi
into divisions among the sons of Levi Gershon Kohath and Merari of the
Gershon Kohath and Merari of the
Gershon Kohath and Merari of the gershonites layered in' and shimmy i the
gershonites layered in' and shimmy i the
gershonites layered in' and shimmy i the sons of laden the first cahaya then
sons of laden the first cahaya then
sons of laden the first cahaya then zetha and Joe three and all the sons of
zetha and Joe three and all the sons of
zetha and Joe three and all the sons of Shem EE Shalom ahthe hey ZL and Harun
Shem EE Shalom ahthe hey ZL and Harun
Shem EE Shalom ahthe hey ZL and Harun three and all these were the heads of
three and all these were the heads of
three and all these were the heads of the fathers houses of Laird and the sons
the fathers houses of Laird and the sons
the fathers houses of Laird and the sons of Shem II I J hath zina Jewish and
of Shem II I J hath zina Jewish and
of Shem II I J hath zina Jewish and derive
derive
derive these were the four sons of Shem EO j
these were the four sons of Shem EO j
these were the four sons of Shem EO j hath was the first and ziza the second
hath was the first and ziza the second
hath was the first and ziza the second but gog and Berea did not have many sons
but gog and Berea did not have many sons
but gog and Berea did not have many sons therefore they were assigned as one
therefore they were assigned as one
therefore they were assigned as one father's house the sons of Kohath amra
father's house the sons of Kohath amra
father's house the sons of Kohath amra izi hebron and Accio for in all the sons
izi hebron and Accio for in all the sons
izi hebron and Accio for in all the sons of imran aaron and moses and aaron was
of imran aaron and moses and aaron was
of imran aaron and moses and aaron was set apart he and his sons for ever that
set apart he and his sons for ever that
set apart he and his sons for ever that he should sanctify the most holy things
he should sanctify the most holy things
he should sanctify the most holy things to burn incense before the Lord to
to burn incense before the Lord to
to burn incense before the Lord to minister to him and to give the blessing
minister to him and to give the blessing
minister to him and to give the blessing in his name forever now the sons of
in his name forever now the sons of
in his name forever now the sons of Moses the man of God were reckoned to
Moses the man of God were reckoned to
Moses the man of God were reckoned to the tribe of Levi the sons of Moses were
the tribe of Levi the sons of Moses were
the tribe of Levi the sons of Moses were Gershon and Eleazar of the sons of
Gershon and Eleazar of the sons of
Gershon and Eleazar of the sons of Gershon shapur was the first of the
Gershon shapur was the first of the
Gershon shapur was the first of the descendants of Eleazar rhihub I was the
descendants of Eleazar rhihub I was the
descendants of Eleazar rhihub I was the first and ELISA had no other sons
first and ELISA had no other sons
first and ELISA had no other sons but the sons of rehab I were very many
but the sons of rehab I were very many
but the sons of rehab I were very many of the sons of is ha
of the sons of is ha
of the sons of is ha Shalom if was the first of the sons of
Shalom if was the first of the sons of
Shalom if was the first of the sons of Hebron Jiraiya was the first a Mariah
Hebron Jiraiya was the first a Mariah
Hebron Jiraiya was the first a Mariah the second chahe zo the third and
the second chahe zo the third and
the second chahe zo the third and jeconiah the fourth of the sons of a zo
jeconiah the fourth of the sons of a zo
jeconiah the fourth of the sons of a zo Micah was the first and Josiah the
Micah was the first and Josiah the
Micah was the first and Josiah the second the sons of Merari
second the sons of Merari
second the sons of Merari were male and Musha the sons of mal I
were male and Musha the sons of mal I
were male and Musha the sons of mal I where Eliezer and Kish and Eliezer died
where Eliezer and Kish and Eliezer died
where Eliezer and Kish and Eliezer died and had no sons but only daughters and
and had no sons but only daughters and
and had no sons but only daughters and their brethren the sons of Kish took
their brethren the sons of Kish took
their brethren the sons of Kish took them as wives the sons of new Shai were
them as wives the sons of new Shai were
them as wives the sons of new Shai were malai EDA and Kyra math3 and all these
malai EDA and Kyra math3 and all these
malai EDA and Kyra math3 and all these were the sons of Levi by their fathers
were the sons of Levi by their fathers
were the sons of Levi by their fathers houses the heads of the father's houses
houses the heads of the father's houses
houses the heads of the father's houses as they were counted individually by the
as they were counted individually by the
as they were counted individually by the number of their names who did the work
number of their names who did the work
number of their names who did the work for the service of the house of the Lord
for the service of the house of the Lord
for the service of the house of the Lord from the age of 20 years and above for
from the age of 20 years and above for
from the age of 20 years and above for David said the Lord God of Israel has
David said the Lord God of Israel has
David said the Lord God of Israel has given rest to his people that they may
given rest to his people that they may
given rest to his people that they may dwell in Jerusalem for ever and also to
dwell in Jerusalem for ever and also to
dwell in Jerusalem for ever and also to the Levites they shall no longer carry
the Levites they shall no longer carry
the Levites they shall no longer carry the tabernacle or any of the articles
the tabernacle or any of the articles
the tabernacle or any of the articles for its service for by the last words of
for its service for by the last words of
for its service for by the last words of David the Levites were numbered from
David the Levites were numbered from
David the Levites were numbered from twenty years old and above because their
twenty years old and above because their
twenty years old and above because their duty was to help the sons of Aaron in
duty was to help the sons of Aaron in
duty was to help the sons of Aaron in the service of the house of the law
the service of the house of the law
the service of the house of the law in the courts and in the chambers in the
in the courts and in the chambers in the
in the courts and in the chambers in the purifying of all holy things and the
purifying of all holy things and the
purifying of all holy things and the work of the service of the house of God
work of the service of the house of God
work of the service of the house of God both with the showbread and the fine
both with the showbread and the fine
both with the showbread and the fine flour for the grain offering with the
flour for the grain offering with the
flour for the grain offering with the unleavened cakes and what is baked in
unleavened cakes and what is baked in
unleavened cakes and what is baked in the pan with what is mixed and with all
the pan with what is mixed and with all
the pan with what is mixed and with all kinds of measures and sizes to stand
kinds of measures and sizes to stand
kinds of measures and sizes to stand every morning to thank and praise the
every morning to thank and praise the
every morning to thank and praise the Lord and likewise it evening and at
Lord and likewise it evening and at
Lord and likewise it evening and at every presentation of a burnt offering
every presentation of a burnt offering
every presentation of a burnt offering to the Lord on the Sabbath's and on the
to the Lord on the Sabbath's and on the
to the Lord on the Sabbath's and on the new moons and on the set feasts by
new moons and on the set feasts by
new moons and on the set feasts by number according to the ordinance
number according to the ordinance
number according to the ordinance governing them regularly before the Lord
governing them regularly before the Lord
governing them regularly before the Lord and that they should attend to the needs
and that they should attend to the needs
and that they should attend to the needs of the tabernacle of meeting the needs
of the tabernacle of meeting the needs
of the tabernacle of meeting the needs of the holy place and the needs of the
of the holy place and the needs of the
of the holy place and the needs of the sons of Aaron their brethren in the work
sons of Aaron their brethren in the work
sons of Aaron their brethren in the work of the house of the Lord